hey everyone welcome back for some more
slide to band of thieves and now we're
gonna do Murray's mission tank showdown
so let's just make our way over there
while dodging the lasers and other stuff
here we go now the gold reverse and in
opposite directions to rotate to fire
your Turin have the r1 button you'll
need to take out six tanks to get the
job done dang as a cave merchant just at
that little window
alright yeah there we go one ting down
five more to go King used to these
controls it's not credibly difficult but
I mean it just takes time
dang come on
chingu bingo all right where is the last
two ah
all right let's give chase
and lots of thing yeah now we have to
find that last one where is this last
one at
it's probably over yep there it is
nice work Barry that should cool down
those mercenaries for a while yeah that
was me really short so once again let me
get back to the safe house cuz that's
how i roll things and like there's still
tanks out here fine whatever they're not
they're mine I was gonna say there's
going to be a fewer know and just be
silly can't even stand the taste
whatever alright well that concludes
this short part thank you for watching
and I'll see you next time